# Cryptocurrencies

## Overview

Unsupervised machine learning is a technique that is utilized when the desired output is unknown, and the model takes in the entire dataset as input to discover patterns or groups in data. It is employed when we are uncertain of the question we want to ask of the data, and we want to identify if there is anything that the data can reveal. There are two main ways to use unsupervised learning: to transform data into a more intuitive representation for analysis or for use in another machine learning model, and to cluster or find patterns in a group of data rather than predicting a classification. To prepare data, the following steps are necessary: data selection, data processing, and data transformation. 

For this project, we are working with a cryptocurrency dataset to persuade a prominent investment bank, Accountability Accounting, to invest in this innovative financial system and offer a new cryptocurrency investment portfolio for its clients. We chose to use clustering algorithms to parse the data and aid us in making informed decisions. There are two methods of performing unsupervised learning: K-means algorithm and hierarchical clustering, also known as agglomerative clustering. K-means groups the data into K clusters based on similarity or distance measures to a centroid, while hierarchical clustering starts by assigning each point with its own cluster and then merging the two most similar clusters until a stopping point has been reached.
